I began the lab by reading the relevant documentation on topics that will be
used. I refreshed my knowledge on the usage of the tr command and ran several
test cases on tr to understand what it does and what its output is supposed
to be.

I read up on getchar and putchar so that I could implement them into my
tr2b.c program. I was familiar with strings in C from the previous assignment
so I implemented two char pointers to create a list of characters. I also
included string.h so that I could use the function:
size_t strlen(const char *__s);
in order to get the length of the input string.

My next problem to tackle was the errors, and I wanted to make sure that
the first argument (from) does not have repeating characters and that the
two arguments (from) and (to) have the same number of characters. The latter
case was simple, as I had the strlen() function and could just compare the
two string lengths. Checking for repeating characters was more difficult, and
I wanted to do this in linear time complexity rather than quadratic time
complexity.

In order to do this, I created a list of 255 chars to represent all the
possible ASCII values and set every element to 0. Then I looped through the
characters in (from) and if I see a character, I change it's associated
index in the list to 1. If a character's index is checked in the list and
its value is already 1, I know there are duplicate characters and I exit the
program. This is similar to a hash table, but I know the possible sample size
and it is small enough where space was not an issue (255 bytes).

This ended up being useful later when I had to replace the characters because
I had a list containing all the characters that needed to be replaced. This
allowed me to save time by checking if a character needed replacing in O(1)
time by checking if its index in the char list was 1. Then I used getchar()
to get each individual character in the tester file and putchar() to put the
character as output in stdout. If the current character was present in the
char list, I found its index by looping through the character list and
then put the character in the corresponding index in (to).

Creating tr2u.c was very simple to implement as I already did most of the
work when creating tr2b.c. I read up on read and write to understand how to
use their syntax, and adapted my loop to exit for when an output of read less
than 0 occurs. I then used write() instead of putchar() in the same way I
used read() instead of getchar() with the proper syntax. I ran my program
and it worked perfectly.


